hey welcome back to J in our music and
computer world here in New York City
look at this high-definition video in
the palm of my hand you're looking at
San Jose dual camera exacty CG 10
high-definition 10 megapixel camera
camcorder if you're the one at the party
always shooting the video always trying
to sneak in a video
well this pocket camcorder is absolutely
for you the dual camera exactly packs
cutting-edge technology into a very
small stylish package it's designed to
fit perfectly in the palm of your hand
throw in your purse keep it in your
pocket keep it in the glove compartment
take it with you anywhere and always
have access to high-def video whether
it's a family event or just something
funny to see on the streets if you like
to go out you can easily fit it in your
bag in your purse point is you always
have it with you and when you're at home
you're able to quickly share your photos
and videos with your friends through all
the social networking sites or hook it
up to a portable device or your
flat-screen TV best of all this cameras
easy to use and a great choice for
everyone from beginners to the more
advanced user now this new camcorder
from sanyo the exacty records
high-definition video at 720p allowing
for brighter and more realistic images
but also in addition to the HD video you
can shoot an mpeg-4 or H point 2 6 4
formats the cg 10 takes amazing still
photos as well and your photos are nice
and crisp with 10 megapixels and a 5
times optical zoom not digital but
optical zoom plus with the touch of your
thumb easy access to all of your photos
your videos and all of the camera
settings plus sanyo is added great
features like 12 subject phase chaser
technology meaning the camera can detect
up to 12 faces in a group shot so that
everybody is focused and not whatever's
going on behind them also
three-dimensional noise reduction a
sophisticated Image Stabilizer
sequential photo mode shooting up to 7
frames per second and super fast start
up you turn it on it's ready to go now
one of the features that I really love
about the CG 10 is the large 3-inch LCD
screen right here which you can actually
flip out and rotate up to 285 degrees
then you're able to capture all of the
artistic angles plus you can be in the
shots as well just like that
CG 10 lens provides a zooming
range of 38 to 190 millimetres plus
combined with the 12 times digital zoom
you're getting a total zooming range of
60 times using an optional 16 gigabyte
SDHC memory card you can capture close
to six hours of video and standard
definition at almost four hours in the
HD mode ct-10 also comes with a high
capacity battery designed to work with
Sanyo eggs-actly camera and deliver
about 70 minutes of video between
charges to backup your photos and your
videos simply connect the CG 10 to a DVD
VCR recorder or your computer and in a
playback mode your images and videos are
played continuously in chronological
order plus you're connected to your
computer well you can utilize the drag
and drop making it so easy to save your
clips and your images right onto the
computer's hard drive even on the
desktop so you can go back and look at
them anytime you want or email them to
friends edit them the way you want them
or simply archive them for later use so
if you're interested in getting one for
yourself now will be the time to look
into the Sanyo dual camera exacty camera
and camcorder get it from jnr music and
computer world by calling 808 0 6 1 1 1
5 go online at junior comm